ChIP-seq WF PE (#123)
galaxyproject/iwc: workflows/epigenetics/ChIPseq/README.md

# ChIP Workflow

## Inputs
- The workflow needs a single input which is a list of dataset pairs of fastqsanger.

## Processing
- The workflow will remove illumina adapters and low quality bases and filter out any read smaller than 15bp
- The filtered reads are mapped with bowtie2 with default parameters
- The BAM is filtered to keep only MAPQ30 and concordant pairs

> - The peaks are called with macs2 which at the same time generate a coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The peaks are called with macs2 which at the same time generates a coverage file
```
Which file format is this ? Might be nice to say
```
The peaks are called with macs2 which at the same time generates a coverage file in bedgraph format.
```
(no idea which format this is, just guessing here ...)
